[Music]
hey what's up guys it's me I'll back
with on the way Lord this video I'm
gonna be showing you all of that how to
get free skins for csgo inner Android
phone for free so without wasting in our
time so let me just say well guys so
skin for csgo is really attractive and
people spend a lot of money on that well
you know it's the easiest way to get the
csgo skins but before that let me just
say well guys if you find this trick cut
genuine then please donate bit so on the
PayPal
well because I'm my orders are not to be
monetized so after opening the app you
just get something like this interface
and here is this so here is your
invitation colors refer ID and fall to
get the skins you need to just click on
that refer edit so the trade links and
as you can see that now you can just
join 150 points just for referring the
lettering the people so you can also
watch the video ads to gets three points
each ad you want you will get three
points and also it cannot spots you paid
inner games random winning games and
also on the offer walls so the offer
also are not that I just ordered that
that attractive for me because it didn't
work out for me so let me just take it
once again in front of your guys so I
will just go with Adsense I think so
okay now just like a random one I'll
select a random ladies work it is a
survey and now here is there so it just
be now opened well then let me just get
lo 8 so if you want to be draw any skin
let me just say how to do with droid you
need to just paste your trade offer link
and the home page will just ask you all
there so you're feeling should be
genuine and if your trading is genuine
of the Steam account then you will
surely get your skin and after that as
you are considered the silver stamping
upon
as I close with three tabs but still it
is not open so let me just wait up okay
I don't think that it is just a use of
this so I will this stupid to again skin
beasts with the app name is skin beast I
told you announced order so the link is
in description box below and it there is
also my referee D and you should think
that would refer me and to be helping me
a lot so if you'll just refresh my page
as you can see that no points is being
credited to my account so overall is not
that recommend a but referring offense
and watching the videos is very
recommended because while watching the
videos will always give you a three
points as you can see that I have got
three points six points from watching
the videos and 30 points for the lady
watts that is if you delete suck in and
you just click on the check mark and
will get 30 points and coming on to the
skills that will be available here you
will get everything a graffiti is the
keys the skins for your weapons and
ASIMO have you ever assume it's the
costliest one the p90 ASIMO is also
available here for 27 thousand points or
something
this is can see that now so it's our
level for free but everything that you
need to do to the best way to earn the
points is not referring as many of the
friends as you can so after referring
you will just get 150 points well there
is a thumping condition for that better
you should read that so if I will just
filter it up with the csgo as you can
see that there are many many schemes
available in here there is also skins
for pub G if you are playing a bubble
then it is also good thing to use this
app so you can get a graffiti is well
and I agree of the graphic is well I
didn't use the app is very good well you
just click on that to get 30 points
daily and your the video ads that I said
you all well then there you can also
boil up points through rupees and you
can the 10000 points for a 10 rupees or
something like that but it is not
recommended to spend you money because
you want it for free so the offer all is
not that recommended but you can use it
if you want so that's for now if I
didn't personally you don't in the
comment section box below I will surely
help you
and I will see you in the next one don't
just one forget to subscribe bye guys
see you next time
[Music]
you